1. The first Linux tool you should check out is the very simple tool
free. First, type man free and read its entire manual page; it’s
short, don’t worry!
Answer: Ok.


2. Now, run free, perhaps using some of the arguments that might
be useful (e.g., -m, to display memory totals in megabytes). How
much memory is in your system? How much is free? Do these
numbers match your intuition?
Answer: The total is 19501mb. 11798mb is free.


3. Next, create a little program that uses a certain amount of memory,
called memory-user.c. This program should take one commandline argument: the number of megabytes of memory it will use.
When run, it should allocate an array, and constantly stream through the array, touching each entry. The program should do this indefinitely, or, perhaps, for a certain amount of time also specified at the command line.
Answer: Ok.


4. Now, while running your memory-user program, also (in a different terminal window, but on the same machine) run the free
tool. How do the memory usage totals change when your program
is running? How about when you kill the memory-user program?
Do the numbers match your expectations? Try this for different
amounts of memory usage. What happens when you use really
large amounts of memory?
Answer: Increases the m megabytes passed to the process. When killed the free memory increases m megabytes. The process can't use more than 3000mb of memory. 


5. Let’s try one more tool, known as pmap. Spend some time, and read the pmap manual page in detail.
Answer: Ok.


6. To use pmap, you have to know the process ID of the process you’re interested in. Thus, first run ps auxw to see a list of all processes;
then, pick an interesting one, such as a browser. You can also use your memory-user program in this case (indeed, you can even
have that program call getpid() and print out its PID for your
convenience).
Answer: Ok.


7. Now run pmap on some of these processes, using various flags (like -X) to reveal many details about the process. What do you see? How many different entities make up a modern address space, as opposed to our simple conception of code/stack/heap?
Answer: Many libraries and different resources.


8. Finally, let’s run pmap on your memory-user program, with different amounts of used memory. What do you see here? Does the
output from pmap match your expectations?
Answer: I see a set of programs used to make this process run Yes.